Spices ! they're good for the soul but
they're also good for our bodies
Hey guys! Tara here for Dnews and if
you're a person who enjoys cooking or eating
then you'll be happy to know that
many of the spices we use in our food
everyday can also
have very real health benefits.
A new study from the Rush
University Medical Center finds that
cinnamon can actually reverse the
anatomical changes that occur in the
brains of mice with Parkinson's disease.
Cinnamon has long been known to be great
for your health it's loaded with
antioxidants and it's especially helpful for people
with type 2 diabetes
A 2010 study found that consuming two grams of
Cinnamon every day for 12 weeks
pressure
significantly lowered patient's blood and
blood sugar levels.
In another study from that same year
found that cinnamon extract
can actually increase insulin
sensitivity and improve hyperglycemia in mice
turmeric for example which is found in a
lot of Indian food
may actually help fight cancer
it contains an antioxidant
called curcumin
that's been shown to enhance the effectiveness
of chemo in patients with breast cancer
so much in fact that it's now being
considered as a possible drug supplement
for chemotherapy it's also been shown to
suppress the specific cell pathway
that's known to fuel the growth of head
and neck cancer
rosemary has also been shown to minimize
the risk of cancer
The 2010 study found that rosemary is
the number one most effective spice
when it comes to reducing
the amount of
carcinogenic compounds compounds you
ingest from cooking ground beef
it's also known to have significant
antibacterial properties as well as
antifungal properties which makes it a
good home remedy for yeast infections
Thyme  may actually be the way to go many
studies
have touted thyme oil as an effective
inhibitor of harmful bacterial growth
in raw poultry so if you were to
marinate chicken in essential thyme oil
you could greatly extend its shelf life
it's even being considered as a possible
alternative treatment for antibiotic
resistant infections like mrsa that plus
its anti-inflammatory properties make
thyme one of the best home remedies for
acne ginger is also one of the most
effective natural ones out there it
contains two key phytochemicals known to
fight inflammation which is why you
typically see it used used in teas for
people with congestion or sore throat
it's also great for arthritis and
research published in the journal of
pain shows that daily supplements
containing 2 grams of ginger can
actually ease muscle pain from exercising
chili peppers are great
analgesics the active component in them
is called capsaicin and it's been shown
over time to reduce certain pain-causing
00:02:24.000 --00:02:26.000
neurotransmitters it's currently used in
topical form for all kinds of health
problems ranging from post-surgical pain
to arthritis even things like psoriasis
and if that is not enough it's also
known to cause weight loss a 2009 study
found that capsaicin can actually alter
key proteins found in fat making it a
natural and viable method for reducing
abdominal fat of course these are just a
small handful of spices that are good
for your health but there's actually way
more oregano garlic nutmeg and a bunch
of others all have their own unique
health benefits so eat up maybe you can
stave off cancer